[docs] Copyedit the Charts Getting Started sequence (#14962)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/getting-started/getting-started.md

},
```

> ### Style engine

Author: We removed it from the equivalent Date and Time Pickers page:
- feels like too many different options to present up front
- our styled-components support isn't the greatest these days
- usage is likely pretty low
- this info can all be found in the Material UI docs if needed

Self-contained Chart components are imported and rendered as a single React component (such as `<BarChart />` or `<LineChart />`) which contains all of the necessary subcomponents.

These components require a `series` prop describing the data to render, as well as a numerical value (rendered in pixels) for the `height` prop.
The `width` prop is optional; if no value is provided, the Charts expand to fill the available space.

{{"demo": "SimpleCharts.js"}}

### Composable Charts

More complex use cases require composition of the necessary subcomponents inside of a Chart Container wrapper.
Subcomponents include:

- Axis components – to define the X and Y axes
- Plot components – to create Bars, Lines, or any other Chart type
- Auxillary components - to add Tooltips, Highlights, and more
- Utilities - such as classes and types

See the [Charts composition documentation](/x/react-charts/composition/) for complete details.

The demo below shows how to use composition to create a custom Chart that combines a Bar and a Line Chart on a single plot:

{{"demo": "Combining.js"}}

## Chart layouts

The layout of a Chart is defined by two main spaces: the plot area, and the outer margins.

> The `width` and `height` props define the dimensions of the SVG which fills the entire space.

Reviewer: The `<svg />` is the HTML component in which the chart is displayed. So it's by definition the largest dimension

```suggestion
The `width` and `height` props define the dimensions of the SVG component.
```

```suggestion
The `width` and `height` props define the dimensions of the SVG which is the root of the chart.
```

Within this SVG, the plot area (or drawing area) serves as the canvas for data visualization, where the lines, bars or other visual elements are rendered.
The size of the plot area is determined by the `margin = {top, bottom, left, right}` object which defines its outer margins inside the SVG.
The outer margin space is where information like axes, titles, and legends are displayed.

> See the [Styling documentation](/x/react-charts/styling/) for complete details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Styling documentation](/x/react-charts/styling/#placement) for complete details.
```
